Stop! Let go of me
Ah don't come
Invite my girlfriend over and don't call me
Isn't it a little bad?
It's you, why are you okay?
Why did something happen to me?
Chu Feng, I didn't expect you to find me
I was looking for you
What happened in the banquet hall last time
Let's settle the bill together today.
It seems that you really don't have a long memory
Chu Feng
I admit that you are a bit capable
But this isn't Leaf Hall.
And my little brothers here?
Not ordinary people
Really? I'd like to hear it
What's so great about them?
he
I'll tell you what.
This is the territory of the underground emperor, the White Tiger Lord
These are his four protectors behind me
Are they all experts?
Squeeze you like an ant
You hurry up and kneel down for me and admit your mistake
Otherwise, today next year will be your memorial day
I'm so scared
You said it too
This is the territory of the white tiger
The white tiger will come in a while, don't you know it's against me?
But against you?
What are you?
Wang Shao and Baihu are old acquaintances
I only need a word from Wang Shao
Is that right? Then I have to say that the white tiger won't listen to you
I don't have time to talk nonsense with you
He broke his hands and feet for me
I had a good time today
You have to think about it.
The white tiger will come in a while, I'm afraid you won't be able to explain it.
hands-on